plugin: Allow plugins to register featurebits (#3477)
ElementsProject/lightning: doc/PLUGINS.md

    "openchannel",
    "htlc_accepted"
  ],
  "features": {
    "node": "D0000000",
	"init": "0E000000",

> 	"invoice": "00AD0000"

Reviewer: Weird indent

has been started. Critical plugins that should not be stopped should set it
to false.

The `features` object allows the plugin to register featurebits that should be
announced in a number of places in the protocol. They can be used to signal
support for custom protocol extensions to direct peers, remote nodes and in
invoices. Custom protocol extensions can be implemented for example using the
`sendcustommsg` method and the `custommsg` hook, or the `sendonion` method and
the `htlc_accepted` hook. The keys in the `features` object are `node` for
features that should be announced via the `node_announcement` to all nodes in
the network, `init` for features that should be announced to direct peers
during the connection setup, and `invoice` for features that should be
announced to a potential sender of a payment in the invoice. The low range of
featurebits is reserved for standardize features, so please pick random, high
position bits for experiments. If you'd like to standardize your extension

> please reach out to the [specification repository][spec] to geta featurebit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
please reach out to the [specification repository][spec] to get a featurebit
```
